go/hamming: disapprove comments (#1224)
exercism/website-copy: automated-comments/go/hamming/strings_split_used.md

> The type in Go to hold a single character is `rune`. A string can be transformed into a `[]rune` (slice of runes) via type conversion: `var aRunes = []rune(a)`.

Reviewer: This is good advice, but I wonder if we can reframe it in a slightly more positive way. "This exercise involves examining a string character by character (in Go characters are referred to as _runes_, by the way). Splitting the string into a slice of strings, one for each rune, is one way to do this, but it's not the most efficient. Go has a data type specifically for storing individual runes: `rune`. Try converting the string to a slice of runes like this: `ar := []rune(a)`."

Reviewer 2: Per the guidelines, I think we should put the _action first_, but right now there isn't any. This automated mentoring comment are three statements without actionable.

Perhaps:

````suggestion
Improve the efficiency by converting the string to a slice of `rune`s like this:

```go
ar := []rune(a)
```

The type in Go to hold a single character is `rune`. Splitting the string into a slice of single character strings and working with them is a lot slower than ...
````

I want to incorporate everything @bitfield suggested butttt I don't feel very articulate right now 😭

> Use the built in type `rune` to work with individual characters in Go.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use the built-in type `rune` to work with individual characters in Go.
```

A `string` can be converted into a `[]rune` (slice of runes) with:

```go
aRunes := []rune(a)
```

> Splitting the string into a lot of small strings (one for each rune) works, but is not the most efficient.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Splitting the string into a lot of small strings (one for each rune) works, but is inefficient.
```
